( birds twittering )
( watery voice ):
Ouch.
Wake up.
Who's there?
Naomi.
Come back later.
what I think?
You know
I think you're scared
of the tree monster.
I'm not scared of any tree
monster, Miss Wildman,
I need my beauty sleep.
but, as you know,
I'm sorry I woke you,
but we have a mission.
You and your missions.
your old pal Flotter
Lucky for you,
has everything ready.
Follow me.
I've laid a trap.
When he climbs this tree,
he'll trip the alarm.
( bells jangling )
Tree monsters are terrified
of high-pitched noises.
I never heard that.
It's a well-known fact.
Ah!
The bell will scare him
high into those branches
where counterweights
will bend the treetop
catapulting him pondward
till it springs back,
and splash.
He'll sink like a log.
But, Flotter...
logs float.
Details, details.
That is a terrible plan.
It's him!
The name's Trevis,
and you are...?
Flotter. Flotter T. Water III.
Well, of course you are, drippy.
You.
Naomi Wildman, but my
friends call me Naomi.
I don't recognize your element.
You're not earth or water
or plasma.
I'm human.
Where do you live?
In space.
Nobody lives in space.
She does...
called Voyager.
on a starship
I'm an explorer.
Really?
An explorer.
Timber.
What's that like?
space battles with aliens,
Well, you know--
strange anomalies.
May I visit your starship?
Well, I'll have
to ask my mom.
You know, for a monster,
you're very polite.
I'm not a monster.
That's because
( bells jangling )
You see that?
I'm not scared one bit.
My bark is worse than my bite.
conclusions about him.
Maybe we jumped to
Well, he may not
be a monster,
my water with his roots.
but he is stealing
Stealing!
Absurd! Why, I ought
to dry you out.
And I ought to chop
you down.
You want a piece of me?
Excuse me. It sounds like
you two need each other.
I mean, think about it.
helps his trees grow,
Flotter, your water
shade his pond from the sun.
and, Trevis, your branches
It's a well-known fact
that the sun
makes water
evaporate.
She's got a point.
The girl's a thinker.
Now, shake hands and make up.
Ugh... moist palms.
Sappy fingers.
Neelix to Holodeck 2.
Naomi here.
It's bedtime.
Can't I stay a little longer?
You know the rules.
Besides, someone special
wants to say good night.
Mom!
Computer, end program.
And how's Flotter?
Grouchy as ever, but we made
a new friend today
named Trevis.
I'll introduce him
to you tomorrow
as soon as you get home.
( transmission static )
I'm afraid the away mission
may take a few more days,
sweetheart.
Days?
Yes...
but I'm bringing you back some
beautiful sillinite crystals
and lots of holopictures
for your data album.
and get ready for bed
Now be a good girl
while I talk to Neelix.
All right.
Sweet dreams.
Samantha?
We ran into an ion storm.
How bad is it?
We took a real beating.
We're trying to make repairs,
another storm on the way.
but there's
( static )
Better go.
Say good night for me?
I've lost the com signal.
closing aft at 33,000 kph.
A level-7 ionic front is
I need more power
to the thrusters
if I'm going to outrun it.
I'll see what I can do.
The leading edge is approaching.
I've given all the power
I can spare, Tom.
It's not enough.
I can't keep ahead
of this thing.
Brace for impact!
PARIS:
TUVOK ( staticky ):
Mayday, mayday.
Delta Flyer to Voyager.
We need assistance.
Impulse power is down.
Warp drive is...
...thrusters only.
...ion storms damaged
our primary systems.
Life support is failing.
for an emergency landing site.
We're searching
We require immediate....
( transmission fades to static)
last transmission.
That was their
We haven't been able
to raise them since.
for a place to land,
If they're looking
they must be in
pretty bad shape.
long-range sensors?
Anything on
when the second ion storm hit,
We lost their signature
but we've triangulated
the coordinates
of the distress call.
a planetary system
They've entered
about .6 light-years
from here.
Problem is, there's
another ion storm--
blocking our path.
a level-5--
Level-5?
We've been through worse.
Let's just batten
down the hatches
and reinforce
the shields.
We're not going to let
a little bad weather
stand in our way.
What about Naomi?
I guess somebody's
going to have
to explain why her
mother's not back.
Maybe we shouldn't
tell her anything.
Why not?
sensitive girl.
She's a very
I-I don't want to alarm
her unnecessarily.
we'll have her mother back
With any luck,
before she starts to worry.
Well, you're closer to her
than anyone.
I'm inclined to let you
take the lead on this.
Thanks, Captain.
All right. Consider
it your mission
to keep her occupied.
Aye, Captain.
Dismissed.
I was thinking...
NEELIX: Oh?
my weight around here.
It's time I carried
Ah. They could use a hand
in the airponics bay.
more of the Bridge.
I was thinking
Captain's Assistant.
Would I get to
fly the ship?
Well, we'd have to take
it up with the Captain.
( door opens )
the internal sensors.
We need to check
Neelix, don't move.
( whispering ):
What's wrong?
The Borg lady.
She has a name, you know.
Seven of Nine, Tertiary Adjunct
of Unimatrix Zero One.
Don't look.
She'll assimilate you.
Naomi, Seven is a nice person
and she's a valuable member
of this crew.
I don't want to be
in her collective.
there's much danger of that.
I don't think
Hey, Neelix.
KIM:
Hey, Naomi.
can I talk with you?
Neelix,
Yeah. I'll be right back.
Sick Bay's running short
on emergency medkits.
We're going to need a few more
if we send another away team
after the shuttle.
stockpiled in Cargo Bay 2.
I've got half a dozen
How is she?
On the Naomi anxiety
scale of one to ten--
is a touch of insomnia,
where one
is a panic attack--
and ten
about five.
Is this chair occupied?
SEVEN:
Yes or no would suffice.
No.
I mean, yes.
Explain.
You can't sit here.
Somebody else is sitting here.
Very well.
another visit to Sick Bay.
So... I thought we'd pay
The Doctor says he has time
to give you a...
botany lesson.
What's wrong?
I am Borg.
No, you're not.
( chuckling )
the holodeck first?
Could we go to
another Flotter story.
I want to play
Well, the Doctor's
expecting you.
I don't like Sick Bay.
Why not?
It's full of creepy things--
alien organs
and hyposprays.
Well, that's not true.
The Doctor talks too much.
Well, that's his way.
Can't you reprogram him
or something?
he'd like that very much.
Oh, I-I don't think
Come on.
a planetoid around here.
Rumor has it there's
Sorry, Tom.
WILDMAN:
is throwing off my readings.
The storm
There's definitely
a big rock nearby.
I just can't find it.
is accelerating.
The wave front
How long till it hits us?
two minutes.
Less than
Great. That gives me 30 seconds
to land this thing.
Samantha, I don't
mean to rush you.
WILDMAN:
Got it.
Class-M atmosphere,
nickel-iron core,
bemonite mantle.
this shuttle, not bury it.
Bemonite? I want to land
73,000 kilometers,
bearing 0 mark 4.
the upper atmosphere.
We've entered
( console beeping )
Nothing but impact craters,
volcanoes...
We can't land here.
The storm is closing.
Increasing shields to maximum.
Just keep us away from the
volcanoes and we'll be okay.
500 kilometers across, 3.7 deep.
I've got a big meteor crater,
I'll take it.
Starboard thrusters
are down.
something positive to say...
Tuvok, if you don't have
We're coming in too fast.
Hang on!
PARIS:
( loud thumps, crashing )
( sighs )
The Flyer has landed.
( exhales )
immediate medical assistance.
She needs
What happened?
We made it.
Delta Flyer's
first landing.
Where...
About three kilometers
beneath the surface.
At least our primary
hull's still in one piece.
Wish I felt the same.
You'll be all right.
Minor concussion,
a few fractures--
nothing I can't handle.
but you're a lousy liar.
You're a great nurse,
a punctured kidney
You've got
and you're bleeding
internally.
You need surgery.
Voyager?
another distress call.
I've transmitted
TUVOK:
No response.
It's all this rock.
I've got to talk to Naomi;
let her know we're okay.
( groans )
Conserve your strength, Ensign.
the situation under control.
Mr. Paris and I have
manner, Tuvok.
Nice bedside
Sam, I'm going to give
you a mild sedative
and something
for the pain.
Any chance we could
abandon the shuttle,
make our way on foot?
Unlikely.
Not only are we buried under
several kilotons of rock,
but the atmosphere
in this cavern
with fluorine gas.
is flooded
Nothing to do
but sit back
and enjoy the view.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
JANEWAY:
We've weathered the ion storm
and tracked the Delta Flyer
to an M-class planetoid.
I'm picking up a residual
impulse signature
in the upper
atmosphere.
Try to pinpoint their location.
How's our littlest
crew member?
She misses her mother,
she suspects anything.
but I don't think
to take her to the holodeck
I was just about
for some more
storytelling.
optimist, Neelix,
Call me an
but I'm still counting
on a happy ending.
Me, too.
The impulse wake leads
Got it!
KIM:
to the northern hemisphere:
coordinates 121 mark 16.
Any sign of them?
hull fragments...
Plasma fires...
Either they vaporized on impact
beneath the surface.
or they're buried
Any life signs?
Maybe they beamed out
before the crash.
Harry, anything?
JANEWAY:
Nothing.
We built the Delta Flyer
to take a lot
of punishment.
it held together.
I'm betting
Commander, take rescue teams
down to that crater.
If sensors can't find them,
we'll have to do it
the hard way.
Harry.
Now, see the organelle
just over there?
DOCTOR:
The one that looks like
a little bitty potato?
The mitochondria?
Yes.
The warp core of the cell."
"Mitochondria,
Exactly.
Now, what if I told you
was invited to dinner,
that this fellow
but never got around
to leaving?
What do you mean?
Well, turn back the clock
a few billion years
to when cells
first evolved.
These early cells
had no mitochondria.
without them, making do
They struggled along
with whatever energy
sources they could find.
Then, one day,
ancestor arrived,
a mitochondrial
the cell wall
broke though
and made himself
at home.
They became friends?
The correct term
is "symbiosis."
Friends.
My mom says cooperation is more
important than competition.
Mm-hmm.
to call me today.
She was supposed
Well, she's probably
just a little busy.
Now, let's have a look
at the cell wall.
It looks simple enough,
but believe you me,
there's more here
than meets the eye.
Can we try to call her?
Neelix.
What a pleasure
to see you.
How was school today?
Good.
There's a time for school
and there's a time for...
Flotter.
forgetting something?
Uh... aren't you
Oh.
Thank you, Doctor.
You're quite welcome,
Miss Wildman.
there was Trevis above us.
In the blink of an eye,
Then what happened?
to be very nice.
He turned out
His bark was worse
than his bite.
( chuckles )
to make such silly puns?
Where did you learn
You.
Oh.
a favorite holodeck program
Neelix, did you have
when you were
growing up?
any holodecks on Rinax,
Well, we didn't have
but it didn't matter
because we had
right behind my house.
a great big forest
Really?
Uh-huh.
And my sisters and I would
go exploring every day.
our own stories.
We'd make up
Imagination.
Exactly.
Deck 6, Section 9.
Where are your sisters now?
Oh... they're far
away from here.
I haven't seen them
in a very long time.
How long?
Many years.
But you haven't been on
Voyager for that long.
True, but before that,
kept me away from home.
my work as a trader
That's too bad.
Do your sisters
ever call you
she's on an away mission?
like my mom does when
No.
I bet you miss them.
I do, very much.
Here we are.
Computer, display
chapter headings,
The Adventures  of Flotter.
"Flotter and the Tree Monster"?
Let's see.
Played that one yesterday.
Terribly Twisted Trunk."
Okay. "Trevis and the
I promised I'd save that one
for mom. It's her favorite.
and the Ogre of Fire."
"Flotter, Trevis
Yeah. That one.
Huh. That sounds
a little scary.
It's okay.
I won't be scared
if you're with me.
in the Forest of Forever,
Once upon a time
COMPUTER:
encountered a strange element
Flotter and Trevis
they'd never seen before.
( sustained groaning )
Trevis, you're on fire.
I told him not to touch it,
but this blockhead
never listens.
Stop complaining
and help him.
Me?
Water puts out fire.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, it worked.
Watch this.
Good thinking, Naomi.
Who's the furball?
The name's Neelix.
What caused the fire?
It came from up there.
In a flash.
Lightning.
But the sky is clear.
like a thunderstorm.
It doesn't look
What's your theory, Naomi?
other explanation--
There's only one
the Ogre of Fire.
The Ogre...
...of Fire?
Who's he?
( loud male voice ):
He is me!
this forest to the ground!
And I'm going to burn
Oh! Oh... Oh!
Flotter!
( coughs )
play another program.
Maybe... we should
No, we have to find Flotter.
Hello! Is anyone there?
Over here.
TREVIS:
Trevis, are you all right?
under the bark, maybe.
Uh-huh. A little hot
What about Flotter?
Is he dead?
Neelix?
Well, I...
I don't know.
He can't be dead.
Flotter!
I think it's your bedtime.
But I want to find Flotter.
with your godfather.
Don't argue
Come on, now.
Take this to Lieutenant Torres.
KIM:
You'll find the phaser drills
in Cargo Bay 3.
Aye, sir.
have time for this?
Are you sure you
I know you're busy.
Glad to be of service.
No problem.
Maybe a shade bluer.
And the head's a little
disproportionate,
don't you think?
for an exact replica, Neelix.
We're not shooting
Artistic license.
Sorry.
Guess I shouldn't barge
into your kitchen
and tell you
how to cook.
Flotter-- now there's a name
I haven't heard in a while.
I used to be nuts about those
holostories when I was a kid.
Did you see the one
where Flotter suspects Trevis
to be a rubber tree?
Not yet.
He keeps trying to trip him
to see is if he'll bounce.
were a lot of fun.
Yeah, those two
the last scenario
Actually,
that Naomi chose was
pretty frightening.
No fun at all.
Kids love to be scared.
Not Naomi.
Computer, transfer the design
parameters to the replicator.
Fine.
How's she holding up?
Right now, she's busy
with her homework.
Neelix, what's wrong?
Everything's wrong!
Everything.
Ion storms, crash landings,
alien attacks--
a starship's no place
for a child.
I don't know.
I'd say Naomi's pretty lucky
to be growing up on Voyager.
Lucky?
Think about it.
Think about all the things
she's experienced--
stars being born,
supernovas,
life-forms no one from
the Alpha Quadrant
has seen before.
would have given anything
When I was a kid, I
for a chance like this.
Well, here goes.
Hi, Neelix.
Did you miss me?
how ugly this guy was.
You know, I forgot
Thanks, Ensign.
( imitating Flotter ):
Naomi.
Guess who I found
in the replicator.
Thanks,
but that's not
really Flotter.
not really Flotter.
Well, Flotter's
a holodeck character.
He's just
What are you working on?
the evaporation of water.
I'm researching
Why?
Well, I've been thinking.
disappear when it's heated.
Water doesn't just
It turns into invisible gas.
forest to cool down enough,
So, if we could get the
Flotter might reliquefy.
Clever.
I miss Mom.
I know you do.
When's she coming back?
Soon.
Why hasn't she called?
She must be very busy
cataloguing all the geological
specimens she's collected.
Has anybody talked to her?
( sighs )
Well... not in a day
or two, but...
Regulation 476-9:
"Starfleet
"All away teams must
report to the Bridge
every 24 hours."
at least once
You really are going to make an
excellent Captain's Assistant.
What if something bad
happened to them?
I'm sure everything's fine.
Come on now, bed.
Promise to wake me up
if Mommy calls?
Promise.
Even if it's 0200 hours?
Even if it's 0200 hours.
Sweet dreams.
Neelix?
Personal Database Neelix.
Computer, access
File index 291.
Hello, Alixia.
I'm sorry it's been
so many weeks
since I've thought about you,
but we've been very busy
here on Voyager.
I miss you.
My goddaughter, Naomi,
she's in trouble.
We're in trouble.
She may lose her mother.
Alixia, you always knew
the right thing to do,
the right thing to say.
( sighs )
I wish you were here to help me.
Come on!
Hurry!
We're under attack!
Get up!
( thunderous crashing )
The metreon cascade!
Run!
( gasping )
Computer, switch to
polythermal imaging
SEVEN:
and enhance resolution.
Neelix, do you require
assistance?
just passing by.
No, no, I was
pay you a visit,
I thought I'd
see how things
were going.
How are things going?
surrounding the crash site.
I'm mapping the caverns
How far do they extend?
Approximately
37 kilometers.
What about the search--
anything new?
Every scan reveals
something new,
little of relevance.
but as yet,
Seven...
your human family--
your family--
think about them?
do you ever
Infrequently.
I was only six years old
when I was assimilated.
than Naomi is now.
Not much older
Do you miss your parents?
I barely remember them.
Maybe that's a blessing.
Rescue team alpha
to Seven of Nine.
CHAKOTAY:
Yes, Commander.
We need that data.
at the transporter site.
I will meet you
I adapted.
will adapt as well.
The child Naomi
Borg wisdom.
an update from beta team.
Lieutenant, get me
They haven't checked in
for over an hour.
Coffee, anyone?
Captain?
No, thanks. I've had enough.
I'll jump to warp.
One more cup and
Any news?
I'm afraid not.
no life signs?
No debris,
We've got three teams
beneath the surface
and so far, nothing.
that happy ending.
Well, so much for
We'll turn that planetoid
inside out if we have to,
but I think we have
to be prepared
for the worst.
Maybe it's time
you told Naomi.
No, not yet.
She's an astute girl.
something's wrong by now.
She must be aware that
a lot of tough questions.
She's been asking
"Why hasn't her mother
filed a status report?"
"What if she's in trouble?"
planned for her tomorrow.
But I've got a big day
Plenty of distractions.
She won't have time
to be worried.
to keep her occupied,
Your mission was
not to lie to her.
in the morning,
First thing
I want you to explain
the situation.
that's such a good idea.
I don't think
Why not?
Like I told you,
she's sensitive.
to answer her questions.
All the more reason
Captain, I'm her godfather.
With all due respect,
I know what's best for her.
Neelix...
( door opens )
( door closes )
care about Naomi
I realize you
trying to protect her,
and you are only
tell her the truth.
but you've got to
"Good morning, Naomi.
"Would you like some papalla
juice with your cereal?
"And, oh, by the way,
your mother is buried
under 30 kilotons of rock."
Neelix...
When we know something
for sure...
when we find her mother,
alive or dead...
I'll tell her then.
( stammering ):
Not before.
do it, I will.
If you can't
You don't have the right!
You don't understand
what's at stake here!
When you were her age,
and sound on Earth
you were safe
with two healthy parents
to take care of you.
You never had to worry
about the possibility
of being alone!
you wouldn't have liked it.
You take it from me--
Oh, I know.
with Naomi's situation.
You must identify
When my family was killed,
I lost everything.
I still have nightmares.
It hasn't been easy.
to go through what I did.
I don't want Naomi
I understand,
and you're right,
but this situation
is different.
How so?
Naomi has you.
Neelix, she has to be told,
she'll be better off
but I know
to help her through it.
having you here
in the morning.
First thing
We've got a few hours
until then.
Why don't you come
back on the Bridge?
Give us a hand?
Ready, Tuvok?
PARIS:
Ready.
Cross your fingers.
( sighing )
The magnetic relays
have overloaded.
We better find another way
to polarize this hull
won't be able to pick us up.
or their sensors
We're never getting
out of here.
Do not give up hope.
TUVOK:
of our being rescued is low,
The probability
but not statistically
impossible.
Comforting.
look after Naomi?
Who's going to
You should not concern
yourself with that now.
How can you say that?
My youngest child
a father for four years,
has been without
of her well-being,
yet I am certain
that I conveyed my values
to her before leaving,
and I have confidence
in the integrity
of those around her.
You have been an exemplary
mother to Naomi
and she is in the hands
of people you trust.
She will survive and prosper,
no matter what becomes of us.
Thanks, Tuvok.
Mom!
Neelix?
Computer, locate Neelix.
Neelix is on the Bridge.
Thanks.
three more phaser drills.
Strickler, we need
TORRES:
You two, pattern enhancers
and medkits.
CREWMAN:
Aye, sir.
to recalibrate these tricorders.
We're going to have
Put us with the alpha team.
Setting coordinates.
CREWMAN:
Energize.
TORRES:
Deck 1, Bridge.
( tricorder beeping )
Chakotay to Voyager.
We found what looks like a piece
of the starboard nacelle.
Any sign of the shuttle itself?
Not yet.
Captain, the cavern has
collapsed ahead of us.
SEVEN:
However, I am reading a hull
signature behind the debris.
The Flyer?
JANEWAY:
I'll need to take
a closer reading.
SEVEN:
teams to search for survivors.
Do it. I want alpha and beta
JANEWAY:
by for heavy casualties.
Tell Sick Bay to stand
Naomi?
Naomi...
Computer, locate Naomi Wildman.
Naomi Wildman is
in her quarters.
Clever.
Computer, resume program
and the Ogre of Fire."
"Flotter, Trevis
Program activated.
Commander, I'm reading
duranium alloys.
I believe it is
the shuttle.
Approximately 80 meters
beneath this rubble.
Life signs?
None.
life signs to lock on to,
Commander, without
we cannot beam
the crew out.
Maybe we can transport
the entire ship
to the shuttle bay.
Through 50 kilotons
of bemonite?
Chakotay to Voyager.
Janeway here.
found the shuttle,
We think we've
to dig it out.
but we need
Have all teams rendezvous
at my coordinates.
Acknowledged.
Phaser drills
here and here.
look on the bright side.
But, hey, B'Elanna,
No more day-old pizza
laying around.
to watch another chapter
And you'll never have
of Captain Proton again.
has fallen to critical levels.
Warning. Life support
Don't mind the computer.
She's just jealous
that I'm spending
my last few minutes
talking to you.
So long.
( beeping )
Sam...
it's your turn.
I... haven't thought
what to say yet.
Tuvok, why don't
you go next?
I prefer to make my farewells
in written form.
Computer, begin recording.
for delivery to Naomi Wildman.
Encode message
Acknowledged.
Hi, honey.
I know you're feeling sad
right now,
to me very carefully, okay?
but I want you to listen
First of all, I love you.
Second, I want
you to know
that I'm proud of you,
how smart you are, how funny,
how kind you are
to other people.
And I know that you are going
to grow up
to do extraordinary things.
this is a hard one--
Last-- and I know
try not to be scared.
Warning. Oxygen depletion
in ten minutes.
Listen to Neelix.
He'll be taking care
of you now.
Bye, honey.
Naomi?
Go away!
Where is she?
She doesn't want
to talk to you.
You lied.
you vaporized.
I thought
Naomi reliquefied me.
Now leave.
delete characters.
Computer,
Unable to comply.
have been encoded.
Holodeck controls
Delete us?
I wonder if this liar
can swim?
hang him from one
We could always
of my branches.
Naomi.
Please let me talk to you.
It's okay.
You be nice.
No more lying.
Hey, there.
Is my mother dead?
We don't know.
What happened?
The away team was trying
to avoid an ion storm.
They had to land
on a planet.
I saw that crater.
was burning.
Something
pieces of debris...
Plasma fires,
but not the hull.
sure what's happened,
Until we know for
on the rescue attempt.
no one's giving up
they might find her?
You really think
Yes.
How do I know
the truth this time?
you're telling me
I...
I never told you
this before...
but when I was
much younger,
I lost my mom
in a terrible war...
and my sisters, too.
my father
that ever happened to me.
It was the worst thing
Always wondering...
How did they die?
Were they worried about me?
still be alive?
Could they
keep you from wondering...
I thought if I could just
you wouldn't have to feel
what I did.
that nothing was wrong...
You were pretending
that nothing bad happened.
Do you ever pretend
that nothing bad happened
to your family?
Sometimes.
Does it help?
Not really.
Don't be sad, Neelix.
to emergency stations.
JANEWAY:
All hands
ion storm approaching.
We've got a level-8
Ion storm? What's that?
The Ogre of Fire.
He's attacking us again.
We'd better get back
to your quarters.
FLOTTER:
Naomi.
Don't leave us.
I'll be back.
I promise.
Voyager to Chakotay.
Go ahead.
ion storm approaching.
We've got another
the planetoid,
When it hits
is going to destabilize.
your entire cavern
Just a few more meters
and we'll be close enough
to beam out the shuttle.
How long before
the storm hits?
Six minutes.
because it's all you've got.
Make the most of it,
The storm is moving in.
Shields down to 86 percent.
Keep a transporter lock
on the away team.
JANEWAY:
till the last second.
We'll give them
Helm, lay in a course
out of here.
Stand by to engage
at warp 2.
Aye, sir.
Warning. Oxygen depletion
in two minutes.
I never thought it would
come down to this--
suffocating beneath
kilotons of rock
on some nameless
planetoid.
a more heroic death?
Did you envision
I didn't envision
dying at all.
the inevitable,
In accepting
one finds peace.
Vulcan saying, Tuvok,
If that's another
"live long and prosper."
I'll stick with
( faint drilling sounds )
We're here.
We're here!
Chakotay to Voyager.
Yes, Commander.
Pattern enhancers are in place.
We're ready to transport
the Flyer.
Locking on.
the shuttle bay.
They're in
Helm, engage.
Thank you.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
JANEWAY:
Ensign Wildman has recovered
from her injuries
though battered, is intact.
and the Delta Flyer,
And how are you today,
Mr. Trevis?
FLOTTER:
my slippery friend. And you?
Feeling a little stiff,
TREVIS:
I'm feeling a little washed out.
Well, now that you mention it,
FLOTTER:
( both chuckling )
Well, it's about time
you showed up.
The tea is getting cold.
Samantha?
Is it really you?
Long time no see.
You're all grown up.
I'm an Ensign now.
I missed you.
Likewise.
Well, now that everyone's
reacquainted,
I bet you're all eager
for a new adventure.
Now that you
mention it,
there is a castle that I've
been meaning to explore.
Castle?
I hear a giant beetle
lives there.
Come on, Neelix.
You go ahead.
See you later.
happy endings.
JANEWAY:
Here's to
Captain!
Just checking on my future
Captain's Assistant.
Well, right now, she's off
to conquer a giant beetle.
dangerous mission.
Oh, sounds like a
She can handle it.
She's a courageous girl.
Oh...
Did I ever tell you
about the time
I flooded this
entire forest?
I was six years old.
Flotter claimed we were
in for a dry spell,
the obvious solution.
so I came up with
Why not just divert
the river?
This entire forest was a swamp
by the time we were done.
At which point, Stinger...
NEELIX:
Stinger?
The biggest mosquito...
JANEWAY:
( birds twittering )